Fix default merging of resource attributes from environment variable (#69)
open-o11y/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Extract resource attributes from environment variables and merge with the `resource.Default` resource in `TracerProvider` and metric `Controller`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extract resource attributes from the `OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES` environment variable and merge them with the `resource.Default` resource as well as resources provided to the `TracerProvider` and metric `Controller`. 
```

Author: Will make this change

> - Default extract the resource attributes from environment variable and merge with the resource.Default resource in the TracerProvider and metric Collector. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extract resource attributes from environment variables and merge with the `resource.Default` resource in `TracerProvider` and metric `Controller`. 
```

Author: Will make this change
